# Brain Playground

Brain Playground is my first attempt to build tools to use study brains. My goals are:
1) learn C++ programming
2) Create something useful that makes my work life easier
3) Document my learning with a Youtube channel
4) Have fun! 

## Starting Point
I will be using Visual Studio 2022 and Notepad++ to write code.

My first commit is simply a reworking of the Hazel Game Engine created by TheCherno in his Youtube Game Engine series. I chose to start at a commit from June 25, 2020. I chose this starting point because I wanted enough functionality that I could start experimenting with different code immediately, but I also wanted to have a bare bones system that I could learn and build.

Much of what I have learned in the past two years has been from watching TheCherno on youtube and trying to understand the code. I am currently at a sticking point. You can only learn just som much from copying someone else's code over and over. I am at a point where I need to write some things myself to continue learning.

My starting point, however, is not my own. I just changed various Hazel specific identifiers. Going forward, I will be adding features to the project. I will share my sources, inspirations, and learning tools along the way. Please go check out the many resources generated by TheCherno. This dude is a DIY rockstar with legitimate industry credentials. I am not!

## What am I working on now?
### August 2024
Goals:
1. Add OpenCV to the project
2. Get an image to display in a window using OpenCV

Accomplished:
Nothing So far!